# PaaS Module

The PaaS module abstracts away the underlying infrastructure for the applications and provides a unified interface to interact with the Atlan Platform. The module provides the following features:
1. **Event Store**: The module provides an event store to store events generated by the application.
2. **Object Store**: The module provides an object store to store objects generated by the application.
3. **Secrets Store**: The module provides a secrets store to store secrets required by the application.
4. **State Store**: The module provides a state store to store the state of the application.


The PaaS module uses [Dapr](https://dapr.io/) as the underlying system to provide these features.

## Table of Contents
1. [Event Store](#event-store)
2. [Object Store](#object-store)
3. [Secret Store](#secret-store)
4. [State Store](#state-store)


## Event Store
- Local Development: The event store is a simple in-memory store that stores events in memory.
- Production: The event store is a Dapr pub-sub component that stores events in a message broker like Kafka.

[Dapr Pub-Sub Component Ref](https://docs.dapr.io/operations/components/setup-pubsub/supported-pubsub/)
You can find the component definition for the event store [here](../../components/eventstore.yaml).

## Object Store
- Local Development: The object store is a simple disk store that stores objects in the local disk.
- Production: The object store is a Dapr state store component that stores objects in a distributed key-value store like S3.

[Dapr Object Store Binding Ref](https://docs.dapr.io/operations/components/setup-bindings/supported-bindings/)
You can find the component definition for the object store [here](../../components/objectstore.yaml).

## Secret Store
- Local Development: The secrets store is a simple in-memory store that stores secrets in memory.
- Production: The secrets store is a Dapr secrets store component that stores secrets in a secret store like HashiCorp Vault

[Dapr Secrets Store Component Ref](https://docs.dapr.io/reference/components-reference/supported-secret-stores/)
You can find the component definition for the secrets store [here](../../components/secretstore.yaml).

## State Store
- Local Development: The state store is a simple sqlite store that stores state in a sqlite database.
- Production: The state store is a Dapr state store component that stores state in a distributed key-value store like PostgreSQL

[Dapr State Store Component Ref](https://docs.dapr.io/reference/components-reference/supported-state-stores/)
You can find the component definition for the state store [here](../../components/statestore.yaml).